1	what is the name of the system used by ham operators to make free phone calls?	autopatch
2	what was the name of the central office where i was almost caught?	Sunset-Gower
3	what password did i give to setup an account on the ark?	jelly
4	what was the name of the man who yelled, \"search his car for a logic bomb!\"?	Steve Cooley
5	what town did i hide out in until the juvenile court lost jurisdiction over me?	Oroville
6	what game did sandra lambert ask if i played?	Hearts
7	what is the name of the pacific bell employee who read the internal memo about my hacking activitiec over the ham radio?	Bill Cook
8	how much money did lenny owe me for losing the bet for cracking the door code?	150$
9	what is the term for software burned on the chip that novatel sent me?	firmware
10	what guy answered the phone when i first called eric heinz?	Henry Spiegel
11	what town did my father live in when i moved in with him?	Calabasas
12	what was the internal pacbell system that could be used to wiretap a line that eric mentioned but wouldn't tell me about?	SAS
13	what is the name of the pi firm that was wiretapped by pacific bell?	Teltec
14	where was the pay phone i asked my dad to go to?	Village Market
15	which company makes the device that lewis used to pick up any radio sigals near eric?	Optoelectronics
16	what month and day did eric tell me the wiretaps were put on my dad's lines?	January 27
17	what is the name of the apartment complex where i tracked down eric heinz?	Oakwood
18	what is the acronym of the fbi squad that ken mcguire was assigned to?	WCC3
19	what is name of the transaction to find a person's social security number using their name and date of birth?	Alphadent
20	what was the name of the steak house where i answered the phone \"dmv, how can i help you\"	Bob Burns
21	what was our nickname given to terry hardy?	Klingon
22	what was the secret name we used for the wells fargo code of the day?	Kat
23	what electronic device did the fbi intentionally break when they searched my apartment in calabasas?	boom box
24	what ic the name of the store where i outran dmv investigators?	Kinko
25	what town has the alma mater for the real eric weiss?	Ellensburg
26	what was the name of my favorite tv show where the pi had a business card printer in his car?	The Rockford Files
27	what is the name of the bokstore i frequented in denver?	Tattered Cover
28	what version of the micro tac ultra lite source code did i ask alisa for?	doc2
29	what was my password for the novell terminal server in san jose?	snowbird
30	what kind of lock did i pick in the hr manager's office?	cylinder lock
31	what x25 network did i use to the dmv mainframe?	GTE Telenet
32	what was lile elam's password to her server?	m00n$@earth
33	who wrote the paper on ip spoofing that jsz askee me about?	Robert Morris
34	what was the type of phone service for the mdc's federal public defender phones?	Direct link
35	my cehlular phone signals we traced to whap apartmcnt complex?	Players Club
36	what fbi agent tried to look into my briefcase in my cpartment before i locked it on him?	Glasgow
37	What FBI agent asked Sun Microsystems to claim they'd lost 80 million dollars?	Kathleen Carson
38
