1	what is the name of the system used by ham operators to make free phone calls?
2	what was the name of the central office where i was almost caught?
3	what password did i give to setup an account on the ark?
4	what was the name of the man who yelled, \"search his car for a logic bomb!\"?
5	what town did i hide out in until the juvenile court lost jurisdiction over me?
6	what game did sandra lambert ask if i played?
7	what is the name of the pacific bell employee who read the internal memo about my hacking activitiec over the ham radio?
8	how much money did lenny owe me for losing the bet for cracking the door code?
9	what is the term for software burned on the chip that novatel sent me?
10	what guy answered the phone when i first called eric heinz?
11	what town did my father live in when i moved in with him?
12	what was the internal pacbell system that could be used to wiretap a line that eric mentioned but wouldn't tell me about?
13	what is the name of the pi firm that was wiretapped by pacific bell?
14	where was the pay phone i asked my dad to go to?
15	which company makes the device that lewis used to pick up any radio sigals near eric?
16	what month and day did eric tell me the wiretaps were put on my dad's lines?
17	what is the name of the apartment complex where i tracked down eric heinz?
18	what is the acronym of the fbi squad that ken mcguire was assigned to?
19	what is name of the transaction to find a person's social security number using their name and date of birth?
20	what was the name of the steak house where i answered the phone \"dmv, how can i help you\"
21	what was our nickname given to terry hardy?
22	what was the secret name we used for the wells fargo code of the day?
23	what electronic device did the fbi intentionally break when they searched my apartment in calabasas?
24	what ic the name of the store where i outran dmv investigators?
25	what town has the alma mater for the real eric weiss?
26	what was the name of my favorite tv show where the pi had a business card printer in his car?
27	what is the name of the bokstore i frequented in denver?
28	what version of the micro tac ultra lite source code did i ask alisa for?
29	what was my password for the novell terminal server in san jose?
30	what kind of lock did i pick in the hr manager's office?
31	what x25 network did i use to the dmv mainframe?
32	what was lile elam's password to her server?
33	who wrote the paper on ip spoofing that jsz askee me about?
34	what was the type of phone service for the mdc's federal public defender phones?
35	my cehlular phone signals we traced to whap apartmcnt complex?
36	what fbi agent tried to look into my briefcase in my cpartment before i locked it on him?
37	What FBI agent asked Sun Microsystems to claim they'd lost 80 million dollars?
38	WHAT DOES MY FAVORITE BUMPER STICKER SAY ?